Here we report a high-quality draft genome sequence of the domestic dog (Canis familiaris), together with a dense map of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) across breeds. The dog is of particular interest because it provides important evolutionary information and because existing breeds show great phenotypic diversity for morphological, physiological and behavioural traits. We use sequence comparison with the primate and rodent lineages to shed light on the structure and evolution of genomes and genes. Notably, the majority of the most highly conserved non-coding sequences in mammalian genomes are clustered near a small subset of genes with important roles in development. Analysis of SNPs reveals long-range haplotypes across the entire dog genome, and defines the nature of genetic diversity within and across breeds. The current SNP map now makes it possible for genome-wide association studies to identify genes responsible for diseases and traits, with important consequences for human and companion animal health. The genome of the domestic dog is arguably the most interesting of the 5,500 species of mammals on Earth, genetically speaking. The remarkable diversity between breeds, created by a brief period of intensive human-driven selection for behavioural and physical traits, means that its sequence contains critical clues to understanding genome evolution and organization, and predisposition to disease. In this issue, Lindblad-Toh et al. publish the high-quality draft sequence of the dog genome – that of female boxer Tasha – and outline some of the genetic differences between breeds. Comparative analysis with humans and rodents provides a general perspective on gene and genome evolution. And see Books and Arts for a review of the book of the genome. (Cover art: Bang Wong, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. Photos: Alison Ruhe, University of California, Davis. Watson and Crick: A Barrington Brown/SPL). See also 
                  
                    
                  
                  
                